Take it out
Is that none of your business?
Why does it have nothing to do with me?
This young master has money
Now I want to give you a chance
Opportunity for what?
A chance for your mother?
Nice. Kind of cute
So be it.
You play with me for three days, I dream
Ah I warn you
Stop touching my son
Spend your time
If only because he was kind-hearted
I have the same knowledge as you.
I can't spare you if I move one more finger of my son
A day 50,000
It will take two or three days for you to lose money.
As long as the book is also served comfortably
I'll pay for your mother's surgery
otherwise
Is your mother waiting to die?
Make Xiaohui happy and save your mother's life
We have the best of both worlds
Accumulate two virtues
As a daughter
Shouldn't you do it for that pitiful dignity?
Selfish enough to not save your mother?
There you go.
It can't be delayed.
Let's play.
Let's express your hatred first
This young master said that the shoes are a little dirty
You kneel down first and wipe your shoes clean for this young master
Come on.
Do you have donkey hair in your ears?
I'm talking about kneeling.
All squat down
Give you a chance.
How about your nobility?
Where's your backbone?
This is to raise your allegiance
Put your backbone under your feet
Let you know the consequences of offending this business
Ah!
Ha ha.
I am now
I feel a little sorry for your mother
I really don't know what evil I did in my previous life
To give birth to such an unsatisfactory daughter as you
Mr. Su, I found the whereabouts of your biological daughter